Create a component migration script (#17626)
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website: script/component-migration/README.md

## Component migration script

> 
> The name of the script is `migrate-component`. It has two required arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this script is to do the bulk of the grunt work of migrating from an existing React component in the `@department-of-veterans-affairs/component-library` to its replacement web component.

To run the script, use `yarn migrate-component`. It accepts two required arguments:
```

- `--dir` - The directory you wish to migrate
- `--component` - The name of the component you wish to migrate

If these aren't provided or `--help` is passed, the script will print out some help text describing how to use the arguments.

Once the script finishes a `post-` hook will run to lint any changed files. The migration may have introduced unwanted whitespace, so this will clean that up and (hopefully) get your files ready to be committed.

## Caveats

> The script may not be able to perfectly migrate every comopnent, so before you merge your PR be sure to inspect the diff. Additionally the script does not migrate test files - you will have to do those by hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The script may not be able to perfectly migrate every component.** Before you merge your PR be sure to inspect the diff. Additionally the script does not migrate test files, so you'll have to do those by hand.
```
